In the previous video we learn that functions have two different purposes inside of javascript.
The first one is to just call the function like we did here without the key word new.
And then a read only method called Call will be invoked which will just execute whatever's in the body
of the function.
And that's why this not person right here is set to undefined because the keyword this is never set
in the first place.
And so if I reload this now I've set it up to where it'll check because whenever we use the keyword
new the keyword this is set equal to an instance of the person of the newly created object based on
this person constructor function right here.
And that's why when we do this check to see if the keyword this is an instance of person.
It works because the constructor function sets the key word this equal to the newly created object based
on the person aka an instance of that object.
Now with that being said this is not a perfect check.
There is a way around this.
What I could do is something like for example new person doc call and then I'll pass in person.
And then after that I'll pass on a name like Michaux for example.
And like so or excuse me I forgot to get rid of the key word new.
And you can see this actually doesn't throw an error.
I mean don't get me wrong not person is still set to undefined but in this case it doesn't throw an
error because what I do with the call.
As we talked about this function before is the first argument I pass in is what I would like to set
the keyword this equal to which in this case would be person which is indeed an instance of the main
constructor function right here.
And then of course the subsequent argument is just the property I would like to set.
But either way it doesn't throw an error because it technically passes this check even though not person
is undefined still.
So this isn't perfect so what can we do to make it better.
Well there is a new property that we can use to check things and I'll show you that in the very next
video.